docs: improve executor discovery (#4365)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/flow/create-flow.md

As explained above, the type of Executor is defined by providing the `uses` keyword. The source of an Executor can be code, docker images or Hub images.

```python
class ExecutorClass(Executor):
    @requests
    def foo(self, docs: DocumentArray, **kwargs):
        docs.append(Document(text='foo was here'))

f = (
    Flow()
    .add(uses=ExecutorClass, name='executor1')
    .add(uses='jinahub://TransformerTorchEncoder/', name='executor2')
    .add(uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder', name='executor3')
    .add(uses='jinahub+sandbox://TransformerTorchEncoder', name='executor4')
    .add(uses='docker://sentence-encoder', name='executor5')
    .add(uses='executor-config.yml', name='executor6')
)
```

> * `executor1` will be used from code and will be created as a separate process.

Reviewer: Just to make consistent with bullet points below:
```suggestion
* `executor1` will use `ExecutorClass` from code, and will be created as a separate process.
```

> * `executor2` will download the Executor class from Hub and created a separate process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `executor2` will download the Executor class from Hub, and will be created as a separate process.
```

> * `executor3` will use an Executor docker image coming from the Hub and will be created as a docker container of this image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `executor3` will use an Executor docker image coming from the Hub, and will be created as a docker container of this image.
```

> * `executor4` will use a {ref}`Sandbox Executor <sandbox>` run by Hubble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `executor4` will use a {ref}`Sandbox Executor <sandbox>` run by Hubble, in the cloud.
```

> * `executor5` is using a Docker image tagged as `sentence-encoder` and will be created as a docker container of this image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `executor5` will use a Docker image tagged as `sentence-encoder`, and will be created as a docker container of this image.
```

> * `executor6` is using an Executor configuration file defining the {ref}`Executor YAML interface <executor-yaml-interface>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `executor6` will use an Executor configuration file defining the {ref}`Executor YAML interface <executor-yaml-interface>`, and will be created as a separate process.
```
Is what I am saying true?
